Added docs on getting and setting AlchemicalNetwork weights, Task actioned weights, and Task priorities (#223)
openforcefield/alchemiscale: docs/user_guide.rst

To get and set the ``weight`` of an :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`, use::

    >>> asc.get_network_weight(an_sk)
    0.5
    >>> asc.set_network_weight(an_sk, 0.9)
    >>> asc.get_network_weight(an_sk)
    0.9

Setting the weight of actioned Tasks
====================================

As mentioned above, upon choosing an :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`, a compute service performs a weighted, random selection of :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task`\s actioned on that :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`.
You can set the ``weight`` of an actioned :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` to influence the likelihood that it will be picked up for compute relative to the other :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task`\s actioned on the given :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`.
To set the ``weight`` of an actioned :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` on an :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`, use :py:meth:`~alchemiscale.interface.client.AlchemiscaleClient.action_tasks` with the ``weight`` keyword argument::

>     >>> # get all networks that the givn Task is actioned on, with weights as dict values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >>> # get all networks that the given Task is actioned on, with weights as dict values
```

Author: Got it, thank you!

     <ScopedKey('AlchemicalNetwork-66d7676b10a1fd9cb3f75e6e2e7f6e9c-my_org-my_campaign-my_project')>: 0.7}

Because this ``weight`` is a property of the actions relationship between the :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` and the :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`, there is a distinct ``weight`` associated with each actions relationship between a :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` and the :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`\s it is actioned on.
These ``weight``\s can be set independently.
Also, the :py:meth:`~alchemiscale.interface.client.AlchemiscaleClient.action_tasks` method is idempotent, so repeated calls will serve to set the ``weight`` to the value specified, even for already-actioned :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task`\s.

Setting the priority of Tasks
=============================

The ``weight`` of an actioned :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` influences how likely it is to be chosen among the other :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task`\s actioned on the given :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`.

> An orthogonal mechanism to ``weight`` is :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` ``priority``, which is a property of the :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` itself and introduces some determinism to when is executed relative to other :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task`\s actioned on the same :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another compute selection mechanism, similar to ``weight``, is :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` ``priority``, which is a property of the :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` itself and introduces some determinism to when the :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task` is executed relative to other :py:class:`~alchemiscale.storage.models.Task`\s actioned on the same :external+gufe:py:class:`~gufe.network.AlchemicalNetwork`.
```

Author: Got it! Thank you!
